Got My First Real Six String

'I got my first real six string' is a line from which 1985 UK No 42 single by whom?
2
Money For Nothing by Dire Straits
Summer Of '69 by Bryan Adams
The Power Of Love by Huey Lewis And The News
Don't You (Forget About Me) by Simple Minds

'You only see what people want you to see' is a line from which 1994 UK No 3 hit single by whom?  
1
Whatever by Oasis
Live Forever by Oasis
Shakermaker by Oasis
Cigarettes And Alcohol by Oasis

'When you believe in things that you don't understand' is a line from which 1973 UK No 11 hit single by whom?
4
Crocodile Rock by Elton John
Let's Get It On by Marvin Gaye
You're So Vain by Carly Simon
Superstition by Stevie Wonder

'All the boys think she's a spy' is a line from which 1981 UK No 10 hit single by whom?
1
Bette Davis Eyes by Kim Carnes
Vienna by Ultravox
Ghost Town by The Specials
Making Your Mind Up by Bucks Fizz

'Too much fighting on the dance floor' is a line from which 1981 UK No 1 hit single by which band?
2
It Must Be Love by Madness
Ghost Town by The Specials
All Out To Get You by The Beat
Lorraine by Bad Manners

'Cheer up, sleepy Jean' is a line from which 1967 UK No 5 hit single by which group?
4
Ticket To Ride by The Beatles
We Gotta Get Out Of This Place by The Animals
California Girls by The Beach Boys
Daydream Believer by The Monkees

'I got me a car, it's as big as a whale' is a line from which 1989 UK No 1 hit single by which group?
1
Love Shack by The B-52s
Eternal Flame by The Bangles
You Got It (The Right Stuff) by New Kids On The Block
Requiem by London Boys

'From Ibiza to the Norfolk Broads' is a line from which 1973 UK No 3 hit single by which artist?
2
For The Good Times by Perry Como
Life On Mars? by David Bowie
Always On My Mind by Elvis Presley
Rock On by David Essex

'You don't look at their faces and you don't ask their names,' is a line from which 1984 UK No 26 hit single by which artist?
1
Private Dancer by Tina Turner
Better Be Good To Me by Tina Turner
Help by Tina Turner
What's Love Got To Do With It? By Tina Turner

'Now they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall' is a line from a 1967 album track by which band?
3
Holy Goose by The Rolling Stones
Michael Is Boring by Cream
A Day In The Life by The Beatles
Dance With Me by Froghead
