Brother's Got A Date To Keep

'Brother's got a date to keep, he can't hang around' is a line in which 1982 UK No 5 hit single by which band?
1
Our House by Madness
Goody Two Shoes by Adam Ant
Come On Eileen by Dexys Midnight Runners
A Town Called Malice by The Jam

'Music can be such a revelation' is a line in which 1985 UK No 1 hit single by which singer?
3
Frankie by Sister Sledge
A Good Heart by Feargal Sharkey
Into The Groove by Madonna
Spend The Night by The Cool Notes

'He's gonna give up the booze and the one night stands' is a line in which 1978 UK No 3 hit single by which artist?
3
Withering Heights by Kate Bush?
Hopelessly Devoted To You by Olivia Newton-John
Baker Street by Gerry Rafferty
I Will Survive by Gloria Gaynor

'We drink to forget the coming storm' is a line from which 1984 UK No 3 hit single by which band?
2
Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go by Wham!
Dancing With Tears In My Eyes by Ultravox
The War Song by Culture Club
How Soon Is Now by The Smiths

'Turn and face the strange' is a line from which 1972 single by which solo artist - which didn't make the UK Top 40, but was a No 10 in the USA?
3
Lean On Me by Bill Withers
American Pie by Don McLean
Changes by David Bowie
Let's Stay Together by Al Green

'The closest thing to heaven is to rock 'n' roll' is a line from which 1988 UK No 3 hit single by which act?
4
When Will I Be Famous? by Bros
Perfect by Fairground Attraction
Bad Medicine by Bon Jovi
Somewhere In My Heart by Aztec Camera

'The magic down there is so strong' is a line from which 1988 UK No 7 hit single by which group?
3
Girl You Know It's True by Milli Vanilla
Domino Dancing by Pet Shop Boys
Loco In Acapulco by Four Tops
Wild, Wild West by The Escape Club

'He sipped another rum and coke and told a dirty joke' is a line from which 1996 UK No 4 hit single by which band?
3
Spaceman by Babylon Zoo
If You Ever by East 17
The Day We Caught The Train by Ocean Colour Scene
Words by Boyzone

'And I love you baby just like Tina loves to sing' is a line from which 1966 UK No 3 hit single by which act?
3
Knock On Wood by Eddie Floyd 
Cherish by The Association
River Deep Mountain High by Ike And Tina Turner
Reach Out I'll Be There by Four Tops

'Throw off your mental chains' is a line from which 1983 UK No 3 hit single by which artist?
3
Truly by Lionel Ritchie
The Riddle by Nick Kershaw
New Song by Howard Jones
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel